[Autogenerated] All right, let's dive into E C.
Two instance types.
So this is where we're going to learn the optimal usage for
different instance types that are available to us.
Now there's three main types of instances.
The first is on demand.
Now on demand is the typical E.
C.
Two instance that you spin up when you create one in the console you pay per
use so you pay for what you're running here on the compute,
and it's always available to you to spend up,
in instance, and then tear down when you want.
The next option is reserved and reserved.
Instances allow us to save money by committing to a
guaranteed usage rate for different terms and will demo
that in the consul here in a bit, the last one is a spot.
Instance.
Now a spot instance is extra capacity within a W s that
can be terminated at any point in time.
When a W s needs to pull that excess capacity back into another customer that's
running an on demand or reserved instance type so workloads on spot should be
treated differently than reserved and on demand.
Now let's go ahead and dive into our demos.
Firstly, we're going to launch different E C two instances.
Well, look at launching a spot instance in the process for that.
Well, look it on demand, which you're more than likely already familiar with.
And then we'll walk through the reserved instance purchase process
within the consul so we can see how that's done as well. Let's go ahead in here and then we'll pick up in the console in the next clip.